
jsx--->HTML like or xml like syntax.

parcel will convert this jsx code a format in which browser can understand.
This jsx will transpiled before  it reaches the JS===>Parcel will manage this .
Parcel will give this duty to `Babel`.
It is Babel's job to convert our jsx code to a code which will react/Browser can understand.
```javascript
import React from 'react';
import ReactDOM from 'react-dom/client'


const mainroot = React.createElement('h1', { id: 'heading' }, 'hello world')
const main = ReactDOM.createRoot(document.getElementById('root'));
main.render(mainroot);
```
### JSX

```javascript
import React from 'react';
import ReactDOM from 'react-dom/client'


const mainroot = React.createElement('h1', { id: 'heading' }, 'hello world')
const jsxHeading = <h1>hello world from jsx</h1>
const main = ReactDOM.createRoot(document.getElementById('root'));
main.render(jsxHeading);
```

here the `jsxHeading` will in the form of object .To convert it into a html element we use `main.render(jsxHeading)`


Here `JSX(Transpile our code before it reaches to js engine)`

here jsx will convert  the code so browsers can understand the code---->
parcel and babel will help for this conversion process. parcel will manage the process and babel will do.
Here babel will convert/transpile our code quickly to code that react and browser can understand.


Here `Babel transpile` `jsx ==>React.createElement==>in the form of jsObject==>HTML Element(render);`

babel will do these conversion from jsx to html elements.
when ever we save our code in the application parcel will manage the process and babel will convert our code from the jsx format to its html format by converting it into React.createElemen thereby our browser will understand the code.

JSX=>React.createElement=>ReactElement/Object=>Html

Here the babel will convert our `jsx` into `React.createElement` It will then converted into a `React Element/Object`
From there it will convert into `HTML` format.